My name is Ray Balthasar Perlarrivas and I am from El Salvador, Central America.
I was a civil engineer sent by the United States government to Harvard University at Cambridge,
Massachusetts, for Apple's graduate course.
Well, I really didn't know the president personally, nor did he know me.
But he knew of me as the engineer, the how to private firm,
and that worked at the hydroelectric plant that was being built for the Lempere River.
He phoned me and said, say, do you want to be a member of my cabinet?
I became a member of the cabinet in the government, serving as a minister of public works.
I learned the truth through a missionary, Sister Charlotte Schroeder.
She showed me the book, one house religion done for mankind,
and right then and there we started to study the Bible.
I came into the truth gradually, not all at once,
because I wanted to be convinced of what I was learning each day.
I was used to studying things deeply, but I want to tell you,
when I learned the truth, I really learned how to think, how I should think.
I said to him, I'm resigning and I just resigned,
so I wasn't there for the remainder of his presidency.
He was shocked and told me, I wanted you to be my successor.
It wasn't difficult for me to get out of politics,
because I was already convinced that the Bible was the truth.
Look, Alvaro, I said to him, I have come to talk to you,
not as the president, but as a man.
Your government is going to win.
And I gave him a sermon and said to him, here's the Bible.
There is no comparison whatsoever.
Today, whether in the morning, at noon, in the afternoon, or at night,
I only think of the truth.
When I see the politicians, I feel pity for them.
The benefit I have because of knowing the truth
is that I can worship God for only eternity,
with a view to living the real life.
That is my sole purpose.
I am waiting, but I can see that when the Bible says,
I am making all things new.
He means that everything is going to be different.